README.md, before:

# Daddy Jason Basic

High quality programming language to implement the most important programs in.

There are some examples in the repository, but some of them were made before labels were not allowed to have spaces, so keep that in mind.

# Syntax

## Comments

Comments can be done with `#`, `//`, `REM`, or `%`, depending on your preference. Comments must be on their own line.

```
# Hello
// We are the comments
REM to do something important
% do you like matlab comments??
```

## Variable Assign

Variables follow the conventions of most other languages. Alphanumeric, with _ allowed. Cannot start with a number.

```
a = 5
thingyThing = 10
```

Arrays can be instantiated with `DIM`
```
DIM a 5
# This will print the array. It is initialised with 0s.
PRINT a
# Output will be 0,0,0,0,0
```

No shorthand operators like +=, -=, etc.

You can access from arrays with `()`
Arrays are indexed from 0.
```
DIM a 6
a(5) = 100
PRINT a(5)
```

## Control Flow

IF/ELSE statements
```
IF expression
END IF
```

```
IF expression
ELSE
END IF
```

WHILE loop
```
WHILE expression
END WHILE
```

Labels and `GOTO`. Labels must follow the same naming standards as variables. 
```
Place:
PRINT "Hi"
GOTO Place
# This will create an infinite loop!
```

END. This terminates the whole program.
```
END
```

## Expressions

Most things exist. 

Arithmetic: `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `%`
Brackets: `(` `)`
Boolean: `!` `&` `|`
Comparison: `<` `>` `<=` `>=` `=`

Yep that's right folks. Single equals for both assign and compare.

## Builtins

There are some built in operations you can use.

Note that things that require a variable nmae

### I/O
```
PRINT (expression)
```

```
INPUT (expression) TO (variable name)
```
This just works as print in non-interactive modes (dj/msg in the discord bot). It will let you capture user input in interactive (dj/basic in the discord bot).

### Data Generation
```
RANDOM (variable name)
```
Generate random number from 0 to 1. Literally `Math.random()` from javascript.

### Data Manipulation
```
UPPERCASE (variable name)
```
Convert variable to uppercase. Also implicitly converts to string, so can be used to convert number to string.

```
LOWERCASE (variable name)
```
Convert variable to lowercase. Also implicitly converts to string, so can be used to convert number to string.

```
ROUND (variable name)
```
Round the number in the given variable.

## Breakpoints
Put * at the end of a line to make it print the values of every variable before every time it runs that line.

Commit message:

update examples to use labels that follow correct naming

README.md, after:

# Daddy Jason Basic

High quality programming language to implement the most important programs in.

There are some examples in the Examples folder you can check out.

# Syntax

## Comments

Comments can be done with `#`, `//`, `REM`, or `%`, depending on your preference. Comments must be on their own line.

```
# Hello
// We are the comments
REM to do something important
% do you like matlab comments??
```

## Variable Assign

Variables follow the conventions of most other languages. Alphanumeric, with _ allowed. Cannot start with a number.

```
a = 5
thingyThing = 10
```

Arrays can be instantiated with `DIM`
```
DIM a 5
# This will print the array. It is initialised with 0s.
PRINT a
# Output will be 0,0,0,0,0
```

No shorthand operators like +=, -=, etc.

You can access from arrays with `()`
Arrays are indexed from 0.
```
DIM a 6
a(5) = 100
PRINT a(5)
```

## Control Flow

IF/ELSE statements
```
IF expression
END IF
```

```
IF expression
ELSE
END IF
```

WHILE loop
```
WHILE expression
END WHILE
```

Labels and `GOTO`. Labels must follow the same naming standards as variables. 
```
Place:
PRINT "Hi"
GOTO Place
# This will create an infinite loop!
```

END. This terminates the whole program.
```
END
```

## Expressions

Most things exist. 

Arithmetic: `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `%`
Brackets: `(` `)`
Boolean: `!` `&` `|`
Comparison: `<` `>` `<=` `>=` `=`

Yep that's right folks. Single equals for both assign and compare.

## Builtins

There are some built in operations you can use.

Note that things that require a variable nmae

### I/O
```
PRINT (expression)
```

```
INPUT (expression) TO (variable name)
```
This just works as print in non-interactive modes (dj/msg in the discord bot). It will let you capture user input in interactive (dj/basic in the discord bot).

### Data Generation
```
RANDOM (variable name)
```
Generate random number from 0 to 1. Literally `Math.random()` from javascript.

### Data Manipulation
```
UPPERCASE (variable name)
```
Convert variable to uppercase. Also implicitly converts to string, so can be used to convert number to string.

```
LOWERCASE (variable name)
```
Convert variable to lowercase. Also implicitly converts to string, so can be used to convert number to string.

```
ROUND (variable name)
```
Round the number in the given variable.

## Breakpoints
Put * at the end of a line to make it print the values of every variable before every time it runs that line.
